and fault
hello and welcome to the tutorial
Flirty hello cupcake addiction
kitty where I will show you how to do
this spectacular hello kitty cupcake
I have received many requests for
a hello kitty cupcake and this is my
creation of the famous kitten utensils
ingredients and equipment that we will use
I have a little white fondant and
I also have a little bit of red fondant
I bought this already done too
can use pink hello kitty
You can have the bow both red and
I have a cupcake that I have today
baked in a white coffee so that
play with my white kitten I have a
some water from a brush a stick
cocktail or toothpick I have some mini
m & m I have chosen only the brown ones
and yellow I have vegetable coloring
liquid black color that I bought in the
supermarket or can use chocolate
dark melted circular cutter
this this 3 and a quarter inches or 8
centimeters
I have chosen one that is one size larger
big that the top of me
cupcake I have a fondant roll but
if they do not have one they can use a roller
common a knife a little bit of our
silver butter cream
perfect for
in sleeves and we have a fantastic
tutorial and recipe on our channel in
if they want to see it and I have a
sprayer with the scene can also
using powdered sugar or icing sugar is
to prevent the fondant from sticking it
first thing that I will do is raise the cap of
dome-shaped microtech so with
my knife took a little glaze and
I distributed it well over my cupcake
forming a mountaineer softened everything
until the edges try not to exceed
the edges
and with him against the edge of my knife and
that is smooth and flat alder well the
frosting giving it a dome shape if
they will be a few of these were
I recommend that you do not do too many
advance because the cream of
butter tends to dry a little and
they want to glacier put glacier fondant and
put fondant again otherwise
the glaze may dry too much and the
fondant will not stick well so I'm going to
take a little of the white fondant
I like to keep the fondant inside
of a ziploc-type hermetic bag for
prevent it from drying
he kneaded it a little in my hands by
a few seconds to soften it and do it
easy to stretch
they make a little ball and crush it a little
to make a circular shape
I sprinkle a little cornstarch on the
work table and I put on the
fondant moving a little so that the
cornstarch sticking below
now I stretch it in a circular way to
able to cut a nice circle for the
face let him kitty
it does not really matter how thick or
thin leave your fondant depends on
how much they like the taste of fondant
and now I cut a nice and perfect
circle with cutter
and I put this circle directly on
my cupcake already glazed
and with my fingers he stretched the fondant
smoothing it up the edges can
see that I'm holding him in his
position with my middle finger and with my finger
index
I was pushing it towards the edges
you can see that with this size of
circular cookie cutter a little
larger than the top of the
copp that once they put on the
cut fondant circle covers them
perfectly your cupcake once you
feel satisfied that your fondant
it is well put they are given a soft
pat with the palm of your hand and what
soften well they should end with a
beautiful white dome like this now you
let's put the little ears to the kitten
so is the remainder of the white background
we took two pieces of more or less
the same size to make two balls
about the size of a few peas to me
I like to do both together for
to be able to see what I am doing and
make sure they are the same size
I make a small ball and with my finger I give it the
shape like a cone
I do the same with the other one a ball
and then I make the shape of a cone of a
tear
they're going to put a water no
they want to put a lot
I put a little droplet over here
and another little droplet for the little ears
from hello kitty
I press the little ears a little
the coke
perfect the water will serve as glue
for the little ears they just crush them
little bit
and there they have hello ears
kitty
now we are going to draw his whiskers
I take the cocktail stick or toothpicks
and dipped it in the black liquid dye
can use edible marker if
they get or melted dark chocolate
but this is the easiest option
then I dip the toothpick and dragged it
on the fondant with firm hand
sometimes it helps to swing your hand over
the surface or work table while
they make these little mustaches
and there they have the cute whiskers of the
kitten
well now let's do the bow with
the fondant or red
He pulled a bit like the same
size that starts for the ears and
I make a little ball
and then with my finger I give it the form
the one of a mani pressing a little on the
medium in this way
and with the handle of my brush I make some
slits in the center
this gives us the base form for the bow
and with the smallest bit we do the
center cited
we make a small ball and roll it in
sausage shape
we put a drop of water in it
center of the appointment and we hit the center
of acid
and the bow is ready
Now I put a drop of water under
hello kitty ear
and I put the bow in its place
and now to finish the face leaves the
'u' kit and I put a
two and three dots of water
and I put the mini mym
the browns for your eyes
and the yellow for your nose make sure
to put the mma letters towards
down can use melted chocolate
for the eyes if they want
and here they have their fantastic cupcakes
hello kitty really easy
do and very effective to impress
Thank you very much for seeing us
ah